A few years prior I was a young twelve-year old and was playing ping pong in a refuge camp in a small city in Belgium, called Hastiere. I was just learning ping pong, but I was quickly rising through the informal - but nonetheless important - ranks of the refuge camp ping pong tournament. My secret weapon was my teacher. He was a soft-hearted mean-looking African dude in his thirties, who was a ping pong master. He used to live off it by hustling people and betting - and winning every time of course. My ping pong teacher saw me hanging around the ping pong table a lot and started taking me under his wing and teaching me his own flavor of street wisdom that I still remember to this day. He was the one who introduced me to the concept of full mental concentration on the task at hand. He was so focused when playing ping pong that you'd think he went in a trance. I was fascinated. My brother and I and two African kids younger than us were the only children in a large refuge camp of Eastern European and African refugees. We had no friends our own age.

My parents had been living in that camp way before my brother and I joined them, later on. I was twelve and my brother was a year younger than me, when we had travelled for days all the way from Romania to Belgium, forging our identities and illegally running away with two brave strangers, a Belgian man from Hastier and his wife, who we pretended to be our parents. I will be forever indebted to them for taking that wild chance on us and going at insane great lengths to reunite my brother and I to our parents. We had been apart for two years. I remember we didn't speak a word of French and our pretend parents didn't speak a word of Romanian. So for days we would spend time together as we travelled from country to country on our journey, pretending to be a family and simply gesticulating and pointing at things and trying to bond through improvised sign language. We eventually made it to the Belgian refuge camp where our real parents were waiting anxiously and when we made it, none of us could even believe it was real. We didn't last long in that refuge camp though. The more time you spend in a place like, the easier it is to split into a life of regrets. I was tempted and even taught to steal by my middle aged "camp friends" who lived by stealing left and right. But I never did it. I never stole a thing. But if I had to I sure did have the training for it.
