I was in my second year at the University of Toronto and it was just after we had returned from our first trip back to Romania. I had spent most of my money on that trip and I was pretty angry at the system that literally abused young naive students of their incredibly precious little money. The previous year I had paid $900 for all my textbooks in year one of my Computer Science program at U of T. I mean my first car cost $1300 and that was a car I bought together with my brother. And so imagine what $900 meant to me. And it wasn't like I could ask my parents for that kind of money. God bless them - they were not in a position to pay for my school and I am forever grateful for that. Because I was forced to learn to survive.

And oh boy, did I survive those days. Those instincts I had developed growing up in that refuge camp, and in many other similar situations growing up, all of a sudden started flooding my mind and I just started going for it man. I made cash during the weekends as a waiter and I used to use some of that money to make more money.

I had devised a plan find a local print shop downtown Toronto who would copy any book I'd give them at three cents a page and would reprint subsequent copies at a cent per page. And it worked. The highest margin textbooks were the ones starting at a couple of hundred pages and up because they usually went for over a hundred bucks at the library and it would cost me about twenty bucks to make them. Cover and binding included. I not only printed all my textbooks for years two, three and four but I printed them for all my friends and for their friends and for everyone else in school who had a brain. I used to have it all color coded and I would call my awesome old asian lady who ran the print shop and all I had to say was "30 more of the red ones please and 25 blue ones. I'll pick them up tomorrow."

I felt like a secret spy giving coded messages over my fancy Nokia 3310. If you haven't held a Nokia 3310 in your teenage hands during the 90s, you haven't lived, my privileged millennial friends. Let's say the word "snake" for you means - well - snake probably. For us 90s kids, to this day, "snake" means a brand new world of opportunities. Meaning not that I ended up a snake oil salesmen, although that would've been an option. No, meaning that technology showed me a world beyond my wildest dreams. It's like it opened up my mind to a million "what ifs". More on this a bit later on in this story.
