It's almost as someone somewhere sat on a big fancy victorian high chair and said "Yeah, Dan from Romania - nope, not him. The other kid, you know the fat one from that country, yeah - not him either. Oh - John Fitzgerald Smith The Third - yes sir, step right through - here's a life discount for the rest of your life - to everything." I hear if you're white there's some sort of privilege cow somewhere - I dunno where - but I hear that you can just milk that cow and that beautiful white milk is the stuff easy dreams are made off. Well, I'm still looking for that cow and no - actually not anymore. If any of you find it, let me know, maybe I can get me a fresh jug of that white foamy milk.

No siree, no white foamy milk for this kid from Bucharest. I had to work my Eastern European butt off ever since I can remember. But listen. I want to make sure we're on the same page. I am not belittling the centuries of oppression against so many classes of people out there. But there's one class, called poor Romanian kids, that I guess I'm advocating for and there's nothing anyone anywhere can say or argue about - Romania is the poorest country in Europe and yes it's made of mostly white POOR people. Poor being the operative word. Here's what I'm saying my friends. I'm saying that I believe in privilege - yes. But I think that the privilege we need to be pointing out is money above all other kinds of privileges. If you're poor, the world is setup against you and you have to work so much harder than those who are not poor and oh - so much harder than the ones who are not only not poor, but they are filthy rich. Be them white, black, blue or short or fat. I don't care.

And I think we all deserve the same chance. Don't get me wrong. I don't advocate for a world of equal outcomes. No, I don't believe in equality of outcome as much as I don't believe in communism - where that kind of mentality was forced upon us, upon our parents and upon generations of poor families who didn't stand a chance. No, I don't believe Universal Basic Income will solve our problems. That's an equality-of-outcome solution and those end up in someone taking over the whole country with a hammer in their right hand a sickle on the other. Millennials - that's a reference to communism. I'm not picking on you. I love you. My wife's a millennial. I know, I'm such a lucky Gen X-er.

But I digress. Listen, there's nothing wrong with having money, but if you didn't earn it - I don't respect that. Who am I to disrespect your unearned money? I'm a nobody. But trust you me - no one respects someone who hasn't worked hard for their money. We're just afraid to tell you that most of the times. I'm not afraid anymore. I'm gonna say it and I don't care if you get offended. You need to work. Work hard. And everyone should get a chance at working hard for their money. That's what I call equality of opportunity. Everyone should get their fair shot at working hard to make something of themselves in this life and it all starts with a fair shot at education.
