The way I envision the future of education is radically different than the present and the past. I see a world where we don't speak of color or race or any of that stuff, but rather of equality of opportunity and of pure competence and hard work. This is what the Carmel Dream is all about. Building an Educational System that's completely out of anyone's reach in terms of controlling it and owning it and dominating it. A system that can't be hacked, tricked or rigged. An incorruptible system. Where poor kids from Romania and poor kids from Africa and hey, poor kids from America and France, and Italy and - I don't know about the Canadians - ok fine - we'll let them in too. Definitely not the Swiss. There's no poor kids there. Alright, fine, we'll let the Swiss in too. A system that welcomes anyone who wants a fair shot at quality education in a technological world that's so far away removed from that Nokia 3310 I was sporting during my campus hustling days.

This is what Carmel stands for. This is why I want to spend the rest of my life dedicated to it. It's more than a product or a business. It's almost as if we have have the opportunity - through Blockchain Technology - to create something that resembles more of a country than a startup. A digital community let's call it - where anyone hungry enough to make it - will make it. And where no one can pull out their rich privileged card because we won't have those kind of card readers built into Carmel. But I'll tell you what kind of readers we will build into it. And they are already in. Mind readers. Settle down, that's just a stupid joke. Maybe in a few years. But for now, Carmel is built on Heart Readers.

I absolutely don't care how cheesy that sounds. I'm after people who go all in - heart first. Because it's those people that I want to lead this world of ours and it is those people that will go all heart and no fluff, that should be the ones that get the opportunity to become true leaders. Imagine what kind of world this would've been if the ones who deserved to lead us where actually the ones who did lead us - but somewhere along the lines maybe they were too poor and too tired to hustle their way through an educational system setup for the privileged that they simply just gave up and ended up anonymous - just living - just surviving - somewhere.

Carmel is for you my anonymous, unprivileged future leaders. You - the big hearted ones - you the crazy hard working ones - you the ones who deserve it the most. I invite all of those who believe this to join us and to build Carmel into a universe that is 100% ours and ours to shape, form and mold. Come and see what we've been working on and get involved. Make it yours. Make Carmel yours. It's time everyone got the quality education they deserve and it's time one of you invent the next Nokia 3310 of the 21st century.

Or at least learn to code for it.
