I had never seen more poverty in my entire life. And I didn't grow up with warm water, let me tell you. But this was different. A few hundred people, close to the city garbage dump, crammed together all around that dump, in improvised carton boxes. You can't honestly call them houses, but they call them homes nonetheless. My heart was absolutely torn apart seeing young children playing in the ankle-deep mud and holding a piece of dirty bread in their unwashed hands, while smiling - yes - smiling - and playing and running around in that nasty mud, without the slightest sense of worry on their beautiful little minds. I was accompanying a friend who worked with the children and tried to connect with them through music and games. The entire experience is something I am not even going to attempt to lay down in writing because there are no words to describe what I felt. One little story stands out above the rest though.

I met a young man, a fifteen year old who looked and sounded more mature than many adults I know. He had recently become a father and he was exceedingly proud of being one. My mind and heart were all over the place when I approached this young - old - man and started talking to him. I felt as if I wanted to help him with all my might but at the same time, there was an unconscious desire that kept tugging at my heart, urging me to ask him questions and somehow, someway, learn from him. So I uttered, perhaps the dumbest question I could muster under the circumstances - but I said:

> If you could have anything in the world, anything at all, what would that be?

I don't know why I asked him that. I just thought that if you wanna help someone, you might as well ask them how they might envision that help and kinda start from there. His answer is still striking a continuous deep chord in the depths of my soul, even to this day, as I recount this - and every single time I remember that encounter. It's something you don't want to forget. Maybe because it's unforgettable. Here I was, standing before this incredibly unprivileged young man, who had a family to support, who was almost young enough to be my son, surrounded by a mountain of garbage and disease and foul smells, cradling his tiny, innocent baby, and here's what he said:

> I would want a horse and a carriage so I could haul out more garbage.

The reason why they setup camp there was because they'd go through the garbage dump several times a week and they'd go through a first-come-first-grab kinda system of sorting through the garbage and finding items worth selling at nearby recycling centers. The garbage truck would pull in and the strongest and most agile would get the first pick. But the toughest part of it all was carrying the garbage back. And the richest garbage collectors of them all, had a horse and carriage at their disposal, so they could collect as much as they wanted.

My young friend's deepest dream in life, was to be the richest garbage collector of that settlement. I still find myself either weeping and frowning and clinching my fists in anger at the thought of it all. See, as a poor unprivileged person, you can't even dream of the good life. The misery of your situation has robbed you - most of all - of your dignity and that loss of dignity is no where as visible in one's inability to dream great dreams. I left that place with a heavy heart and to this day, some of us are still looking for ways to solve that particular crisis.
