As much as we might want to believe that going to school and getting a high school diploma might help that fifteen year old get out of that slum, it's nothing but a pipe dream. It won't work. We live in a world right now where we simply don't care about diplomas anymore as a society - not as much as we did a few decades ago anyways. What we need in the 21st century, are people skilled enough to get the job done, diploma or not. And as much as those Math prodigies might help the national brand get ahead in the world, a medal is not going to solve real customer problems and a diploma is not going to cut it out in the real world. As much as I believe education can save lives and yes - I do believe everyone deserves their shot at a good education - I don't believe that's the end of the story. No, education for the sake of education is not enough. We need to give people a chance at making a living and we need the sort of education that gets them there.

What we need to do is measure the effectiveness of education based on how many real jobs it creates and how many lives it truly saves in the process. We're beyond measuring the efficiency of the educational system. What good is efficiency if it's ineffective? And when I mean jobs, I don't mean academic jobs - as much as we need those, the bulk of the economy requires more than professors. So what does our economy really need in these difficult times of ours? What do we desperately need as far as skills, valuable, marketable in-demand skills?

Well, before we answer that question, it's well worth stepping back a bit and reminding ourselves about where it is that we find ourselves at this particular point in human history. We are at the very cusp of a new era. One where non-human entities are poised to yield so much economical power that humanity will be forced into an existential flight or flight mode - unlike anything else we've ever seen in the history of our species. Think for a moment, that we now have more intelligent machines than we ever and that these machines can do things that humans cannot simply even dream of attempting. You know how you could never compete at arithmetic with a calculator? Well, multiply that by a trillion and we're not even close to what's happening today.

Analysts predict that roughly a third of US jobs are at risk in the next fifteen years, because of these incredible advances in machine intelligence. The UK is approximately in the same boat, as well as most developed countries. Developing economies are even more in trouble. So in addition to fighting poverty, the next decade and beyond, will see us fighting machines as well. At least competing with them for our jobs. We're not talking factory jobs only but every job. Every profession is at risk, including lawyers, accountants, sales people, cooks, even surgeons. If we are to make a future for ourselves, we need the sort of education that truly is job-creating and is effective at doing so.
