Romania is the poorest country in Europe. Statistically, a quarter of Romanians live in poverty and that includes half of all Romanian children. And poverty is relative. You see, not only is Romania the poorest, but here's the really sad statistic. The at-risk-of-poverty threshold is calculated based on the median income and Romania is the second last in terms of the median income. So that means the average Romanian earnings puts Romanians second from last in terms of income and in addition to that, a quarter of Romanians are well below that income. This, after half a century of communist oppression that left the country crippled for generations to come, in more ways than one.

Why does all this even matter? Here's why this matters and why it continues to boggle my mind.

Because Romania is in the top of many major international educational competitions. Young Romanians from all over the country keep on bringing back home coveted medals in all sorts of key subjects, especially Math and Computer Science. Go find an international Mathematics competition and you'll be sure find a Romanian presence near the top ranking students. I'm not even going to mention the fact that Romania is killing it in terms of the growth of the IT industry. The talent is simply phenomenal.

I don't mean that everyone is going to be a top Math Olympian. No, but here's what I'm saying. Those Math prodigies and those Computer Science genius kids, should be given the opportunity to build sustainable economical structures that create enduring positive outcomes for others, like fifteen old friend from the garbage dump. And that's where education breaks down. When education exists for the sake of education, we all pay for it one way or another. If education's sole purpose is winning medals and obtaining diplomas and paying through the roof for degrees, we're all in trouble my friends. Deep trouble.

Education was never meant to lead to pure academic achievements. Education was all about preparing young minds to become a valuable part of the economy. To explore your gifts and unique abilities to contribute to existing value markets or even create new markets. Education removed from economy is not only useless but down right dangerous. It turns education into a financial black hole that burdens the students and students' families with disproportionate debts. And the worse part is that when education becomes a business, worried about the bottom line first and puts students second - or third, or fourth - that means the entire curriculum is not designed with the students' best interests in mind. And we can see that's true when those students enter the workforce. They're completely unprepared for the real world. Sure, I'm generalizing but this is becoming a worldwide epidemic.

Romania is the poorest country in Europe but the effects of a sterile educational system are well observed throughout Europe, North America and every continent of this great world of ours. If we are ever to hope for a less impoverished world, we have to redesign our global educational system. And the main flaw is its misalignment with real economical needs. If we are to get to the bottom of it all, we need to empower new generations of hungry minds with an education that can not only put food on the table and ensure basic material needs but an education that can contribute true value and to existing markets or even create brand new markets. If we can get around to setup for ourselves such educational structures, we might just be able to be alright after all. And even the poorest of the poor might find themselves in the midst of networks of productivity that pull them out of their current poverty and misery.
