Back to our question about the most marketable and in-demand skills. If every profession is at risk because of machines, then perhaps the last profession on that list would have to be the profession that got us in here in the first place - Software Development. As the Digital Era unfolds before our eyes and eats up every industry known to man, digital skills are going to be more and more in demand. Put it this way, someone has to write the software that runs those machines and someone has to maintain them and communicate with them. That's where Software Development comes in. It's clear that non-technical jobs are disappearing but what's also crystal clear is that tech jobs are booming.

In this Digital Economy, if we are to design an education system that stand apart from the crowded sterile educational landscape, we'd have to build one that's primarily focused on the creation of tech jobs. Jobs that are future-proof and jobs that are in high demand. For us to get there, we need to teach technical skills that are relevant today and that will still be relevant as we all grow through this transitional period towards a dominant machine-driven economy. As scary as that sounds, we might as well embrace the reality as fast as we can and get onboard the train before it's too late and we're left behind scratching our heads.

If we are to hope at a human-oriented future, where personal dignity is flourishing and where young fifteen year olds dream good dreams, it's plain and clear to determine our global course of action. We have to arm current and future generations with relevant technical skills and send them out in the marketplace, ready to not only survive the digital economy, but face it fearlessly and courageously, ready to thrive. We need to make Tech Education our priority and we must move fast, while we still have time to learn and acquire the right skills.

The challenge is that current Tech Education options are limited to say the least and at best, they are highly unscalable to the massive number of people that will flock to such solutions once they begin to face the reality of the new machine revolution that's upon us. Tech Education has grown from a theory-first educational system and it's not helping us achieve the job-creation goals we need to achieve if we are to transition the global workforce to new employment opportunities. Attending expensive lectures or watching video courses online is not going to cut it. We need to do better if we are to stand a chance at providing a future for ourselves and for our families. We need to improve Tech Education. And we need to do it now.
