My brother and I ended up going to a school 13km away, in a town called Dinant. When we started out, we didn't speak a word of French so we just tried to adapt as much as we could. It was tough at school because none of the kids in the 2000-some school wanted to play with us. Except one kid. But when the popular kids reached out to him he dumped my brother and I and chose the cooler crowd. So we spent our days and nights studying. It was either that or getting in some sort of trouble. The only thing that kept us in the radar or the other kids, the only reason they knew we even existed is because I was good at drawing so I entered a competition with a cartoon I had invented and became kinda nerd-famous for it in the school. Other than that, we were simply not the kids you'd wanna hang out. We were simply uncool immigrants with horrible accents and a more mature outlook on life than those our age. We were too young to walk to school so we used to tell our teacher that our parents were dropping us off every morning but that was a blatant lie of course. I think she knew it all along but was a big softie and didn't call us out on it and never reported us. We walked a few kilometers every day from Hastiere to Dinant to and from the bus station and took the bus most of the way.

In the evenings, back in the camp we used to run a little French class for the immigrants in the camp and it was funny seeing grown men come up to my brother and I and sitting down through a good old lesson in "Je m'appelle Gheorghe et je veux du boulot" - that was the most popular word they all wanted to learn to use well - "boulot". Meaning job. For months, our tiny little room in that camp had become a career development centre and I had invented an innovative way of getting those guys (the camp was primarily housing men) - to speak French. I created a phonetic alphabet, for Romanian immigrants at least, so that they could read entire French phrases using Romanian sounds. It seemed to had worked wonders because we had more customers and we could handle. We would work for free but in turn they would all give back by teaching us whatever they knew, and taking care of us if anyone bothered us. In addition to learning ping pong, basketball, and swimming, the camp taught us lessons in street hustling I would never have otherwise been exposed to and in a way I'm glad I went through that. I could write an entire book about our time in the camp.

During the day, at school, we hated recess because for 90 minutes we had to walk around the big schoolyard full of hundreds of kids playing and having fun, and we'd just talk to each other and think of the things we would do when we'd grow up and we didn't have to put up with snotty kids like the ones that kept making fun of us on a daily basis, especially of our shoes. Most of our clothes were hand-me-downs we used to get out of pure mercy and sure some of the shoes didn't have all the laces and stuff but hey, at least we had shoes. They also made fun of our lunches. We used to pack some of the food we used to get in the camp back in Hastiere and bring it over to school for lunch. Of course, the kids in Dinant were not impressed by our refuge camp food. And they had to make sure we knew how they felt.

We kinda beat the crap out of one of them one day. I have to admit it felt good. My brother and I had enough towards the end of the year and when the biggest baddest bully got aggressive, my brother jumped him and they his friends jumped by brother and of course, I jumped the friends. Hey, we won. But the funny thing is that after we beat the crap out of the them, every single one of them wanted to be our friends and we suddenly become wildly popular. If we had known, we would've punched them right in the mouth the first day we entered that schoolyard. But hey, who knew. So for about a week we felt popular, but unfortunately it was the end of the school year and we just found out we were getting deported back to Romania and we saw our friends one more time at the awards ceremony at the end of the year. Somehow, my brother and I won the best students of the year award that was traditionally given out to the best student of the year but the school administration decided to award my brother and I as a team. Because we were a pretty good team. I still wonder if it was out of pity.
