I could've ended up a thief. Like my "camp friends" or like my Bucharest street thug friend. I could've ended up a street hustler or even a bully. And like so many other friends I had before and after. When I grew up in communist Romania we literally had nothing. Every single thing - every single toy, every single clothing item, every single chair, every single cup of water, every single piece of bread - everything - everything - had to be fought over. You had to fight to survive. God bless my parents. I can't imagine raising children in such poverty. Friends, if you haven't lived through that - watching a movie or even reading an article like this isn't enough to explain it. If you did have a tough life - then welcome to the club, you know exactly what I'm talking about.

But the purpose of me telling you all this is not to make you understand if you haven't been through it or not to remind you of it if you did go through. The purpose of it is to make you believe this. That education saved my life. This is it. I'm convinced that it's absolutely the key, the answer, the secret to everything. Education saved my life and I know it saved my brother's life. And so, as I look at my four beautiful children and they beautiful life they have, and as I enjoy every second of my life, as I approach 40, I can't help to wonder, what would my life have been without education. What would my parallel life look like? Would I be as happy? Would I have a happy marriage, happy children? Would I enjoy the things I enjoy now? Would I be able to think, speak, feel, the way I do now?

I'm absolutely certain that the lessons I learned living the childhood I've lived helped me become stronger. But, I am equally certain that without education, I would've ended up in more trouble than I could even imagine. It was all setup for me to fall into it. And yet, I didn't. Thank God for mentors, thank God for people who believe in you when you don't and thank God for education.

I've spent first two decades of my career learning and being great at what I do. And I'm humbled by the opportunities I have received. Now, my life would be meaningless if I would keep all that to myself. I heard someone say something once that made me change my course in life in a heartbeat.

> "Pride is unshared knowledge"

Education saved my life and I've learned my share. Now, it's time to share some of that knowledge.
