"Hey listen up! Whoever ordered their books from me last week, come and get them quickly before class begins", I yelled at the top of my lungs.

I had to yell. That lecture hall was full of first year statistics students who were having a hundred simultaneous conversations. I dropped my big box of freshly printed textbooks on one of the desks somewhere in the middle of the room and I made sure everyone not only heard me yelling but that they also heard the loud thud of the big box being intentionally dropped on that wooden desk.

All of a sudden, I had the entire room's attention for a few seconds and since I knew the professor was about to walk in any minute, I got right down to it.

"I got your textbooks here, the ones who ordered them, come get them, you know who you are. I printed a few extra ones in case anyone else is interested. Just so you all know, if you bought your Statistics textbook at the library you can return it within 30 days and get your money back. This right here, is an exact copy of that textbook, except it's all black and white. If you care about pretty colored pictures in your books, then maybe university is not your thing kids. The good news it's only $30 instead of $125. Tax included of course. Unfortunately I only made a few extra copies but if you want one come give me your name and phone number and if you pay in advance you'll be at the top of the list for next week's drop."

This was stupid and illegal of course. I was literally copying books at a print shop downtown Toronto and I would sell them back to the students on my campus for a sweet profit. Everyone and their mother knew it and they absolutely loved me for it. I used to save them loads of previous cash. I used to walk into most of my classes and I'd see my colored textbooks on most desks. I mean you had to be stupid to pay 4-5 times more for a textbook you were only going to use once.
