I'm not saying what I did was pretty or would I ever advocate for anyone to do anything of the sort. But I tell you this. It's absolutely criminal for schools to charge so much for educating young minds. I desperately wanted to learn everything I could about technology. I understood education would keep me sane but I knew that technology was the stuff my future was to be made of. No, I understood that technology was the stuff everyone's future was to be made of. And I wanted to rock at it. But it was expensive. And boring. But mostly expensive. And boring.

Schools used to be about education - duh - but somewhere during the 20th century, they mutated into Big Business. Nothing wrong with business. Except when the so-called-customers are poor immigrant kids who just want the opportunity to learn valuable skills that would enable them to add value to society and feed their families one day. I mean, $900 for a bunch of books - some of which were not even used? Yeah, you know what I'm talking about if you went through that. You were supposed to pay another $15 or $20 for the professor's own little personal unpublished textbook they scrapped together and they would use that to teach the course. Oh yeah. Hey, at least my textbooks had better covers than theirs.

First year statistics was amazing. Everyone hated that course but the ones that had to take it - well, had to take it. I didn't. I was in the Software Engineering stream. But that didn't stop me from pretending that I did. And it didn't stop me from lying about the fact that I had previous orders on those text books. That's right. When I dropped that big box on that wooden desk and got the entire room's attention, I knew perfectly well no one knew who I was and no one had ever spoken to me before, let alone order illegal textbooks from me. But they didn't know that. And they fell for it. I made a killing. Selling every single book in a matter of minutes. They were begging me to take their $30 on the spot just to make sure they get a book the following week.

"Alright, alright. I guess I can print another batch. Oh, what I wouldn't do for you guys."
