Lying, copying books - which is effectively called stealing, and selling on school property. I did worse things than those. But let's stop right there for now. You get the idea. I never did become a street hustler but it took me years to civilize that hustling beast that was always buried deep inside of me. I felt I could sell anything to anyone, anytime, anywhere. I even sold my "coding services" to other students. I hated school but my code was pretty good. Ok, it was usually so sick that I wanted to simply hug it. My comments were tight, the structure was simply beautiful, it would read like a book. I don't remember not getting an A on a coding assignment. Well, I do remember one time. That's a funny story. I might tell you all about it another time. I'd charge about $100 per assignment and I always guaranteed an A. And I always got it for them.

I didn't end up hustling on the streets of Bucharest in the 80s, nor on the streets of Belgium in the early 90s - but I couldn't help not letting it all out on that U of T campus in the late 90s. Look, I'm not proud of it. In fact, I spent the rest of my career defending artists rights left and right. To this day, I don't ever rip movies off the internet. I rather rent them online or straight out buy them because I know the creative process behind anything is excruciating hard work and creators deserve to get paid. But back then, I was still a raw kid from Bucharest trying to survive in a first world country and there was no manual for that sort of thing.

That was two decades ago. Since then, I've heard stories of parents going into massive debt just to be able to provide a so-called-good-education for their children. And it's usually those families that come from an unprivileged background. See, if you're rich, you can afford stuff and you can afford textbooks that you'll never open. And you can afford to fail courses several times because - hey, daddy will pay for me to take that course as many times as I need to before I pass. But if you're not one of those privileged kids who get a brand new car when they graduate grade eleven in high school - true story at my high school in Toronto and at many high schools in first-world countries I'm sure - then you have to hustle your way through education. You just gotta. It's just not setup for you.
